The Dragon-riders.
Of all the threats in the sky the Dragon-riders might just be the most dangerous, as well as the rarest. only One tribe is known to exist, and they roam the upper reachs of the habital altitudes, roving between sky islands in a nomadic lifestyle, sometimes staying on a island for months before moving of, sometimes only a night. Every now and then the Riders path takes them close to civilization and when this happens few survive to tell the tale.

Basically Burke TL;DR but real nomadic vikings.

The Dragon-Riders are basically the boogy-man in the more civilized altitudes, and most dont really believe in them at all. Nobody knows why they do what they do, or even where they came from but for the sailors and scouts who have to stray into the high altitudes they know to stay far out of their way.

What they are actually doing is hunting behemoths. The Dragons as a speacies are not decended from the gods like over sentient races, or created by them like everybody else. But rather were created before the eartch, when "He who was before all" was walking alone, at the boundrys of reality and the elemental planes from the primordial chaos itself. Much like "He who was before all" they have a instictice love for Order and find Chaos to be activly repelent. The behemoths are basically the opposite, they are beings who are created by the primordial Chaos leaking into the realms and consume the aetheric winds, if a behemoth was left alive long enough it would grow to a size where it would consume the winds completely and leave part of the realm to fall back into the Chaos were it came from. Dragons are unique among the living races in that they maintain the ability to travel between the realms reliably, and while each realm has its own unique species of dragon a certain amount in breading has resulted in greater variety.

The mortals who ride the dragons decend from viking tribes on old earth, for whatever reason when the earth broke their island was send further then any habited chunk into the high reaches of the realm, into the domain of the dragons. 
	
		CBS writing this out properly, but basically made friends, agreed to help as each had something that would help the other, possibly something about vikings already worshiping dragons became dragon-ships. Over time the vikings influenced the dragons and visa versa hence the occasional raiding. 
		
		Are not immedietly hostile to people, but don't want civilization to take root in their part of the realm.