The Martial Academey of Marineford
	This university is a strange case as unlike most of the others it doesn't so much rely on its own forces, as the connections it has with many of the major kingdoms and universitys throughout the realm of air. 
	
	Garp and Sengoku were high ranking priests of a minor war god called Kong. Since the immortality gifted to them by Kong disapeared when he died in the breaking, the two of them sort new ways of living forever. Since Kong died in the final climactic years of the Breaking, they could not offer their services to any other gods, who were to busy destroying the world, so they decided to seek imortality by sharing everything they new with a new generation of acolytes.
	
	Before they could really establish themselves, the earth shattered and their encapment (Which at this point was hardly more then some tents with a few walls) was scattered throughout the newly created realm of Air. Garp and Sengoku were split, and each assuming the other was dead sought to persue their plan independantly, taking up positions with warlords, minor gods and kings to train their guards. Neither survived to see the world settle, but they had trained successors and written books.
	
	As Travel became easier and news spread quicker, the successors of the two got wind of one another, and sought each other out. (Traditionally the successor took the name of Garp and sengoku as a way of ensuring their names lived forever, as they had wanted). The Martial prowess of those they had trained was such that they had made a name for themselves, and The current Garp and Sengoku decided to fulfill their masters wishs and form a school that trained Soldiers in the art of war.
	
	It was slow going, but over the generations the preserved knowledge of the origonal masters proved true, and the reputation of the Academy grew, until it was common practice for lords, gods and warlords to send promising cadets or their sons to Marineford to learn, before they took their place leading the fleets and armies of the world.
	
	However since warfare has changed so much since the days of the Origonal Masters, the Academy is not shy about seeking out knowledge and tactics for the ever changing enviroment they find themselves in, and it is not unusual for retired soldiers to return to the Academy to train the next generation. (It is not said out loud, but even some pirates and warlords retire to teach at the academy, as the academy does not care where you got you knowledge from, as long as you can share it with others, and its connections allow for protection for all but the most infamous of people).
	
	This means that while at any one time their are possibly only a few hundred students, and practically no defenses, Those who would attack it know that doing so would bring the wrath of many of its alumni down on them, as well as those rich, prestigous parents who send their children their.
	
	It also means that the academy has a lot more politcal influence then its size would suggest, although in fairness it must be applied subtly and diplomatically so as to maintain its reputation.
	
	Having been educated in Marineford is such a mark of excellence that even those who fail out can secure high paying rolls in the many mercenary bands or armies in the realm, and those who pass (and are not already connected to one of the many political entities who send their scions their) and quickly snapped up by one of the major kingdoms or universitys.
	
	The Academy is also famous for the massive mock battles it holds every year with it graduating class of students commanding thousands or even 10's of thousands of mouse sized  homonculous and golems in the courtyard. Each year the battlefield and objectives change, but the winning student earns the title "Marshel of Marineford", a large cash prize and a boon from the Academy of their choice.