Sky Pirates.

Sky Pirates are a ever present threat on the trade route of the realm of air. The shear mass of trade going to and from basically every inhabitanted island means their is a glut of targets for those who feel might makes right. While the number of small time pirates who attack small skiffs and minor trading vessels is unknown, these are not a real threat to major shipping lands and people who can afford armed guards. The real threat comes from the Pirate Kingdoms, Organised groups who serve powerful men or gods in exchange for comfort and power, these kingdoms have the military power of small kingdoms and can jepodize trade for hundreds of miles arround their islands of operation. 

The Iron lords are a group of pirates who have formed a loose coalition of captains, they have no center of operations and no collective goal, but they are some of the most powerful figures among the pirates in the Realm of air, although despite indevidually being very strong, their disperssed nature and non-aggressive philosiphy means that they are not a threat on the scale of other pirate Kingdoms.

Most pirates favour small fast vessels who can speed in, take their prize, and retreat before heavily armoured ships can engage, but some of the pirate lords use lumbering artifical islands as their base. These monolithic structures can be up to a kilometer and size and their size allows them to be more heavily armed and armourd then would normally be possible. This power comes at a cost though, and the islands are brutaly slow, even the fast ones only being able to move a few kilometers a day. 

	One of the most famous stories of recent history is the siege of the Leviathon, The biggest Island-ship ever seen. The Pirate King Gol D Roger had moved his heavily fortified sky island into the main trade route between Nehektara and Ikorno and was holding it hostage until a massive ransom was paid. Nehektara used this brazen show of force to stir the fears of many of the other powers in the realm and raise a armada greater then any other seen before. Rodger, who's spies and informants kept him well informed, made deals and called in favours and 2 other pirate kings joined him. Battle was joined and it looked like the pure firepower of the Armada was going the win the day until the fighting reached the leviathon. Those who witnessed the battle describe its power as if the gods war writ small was happening again. However the initial losses of the pirates were great, and the other pirate kings fled, leaving Rodger alone. However the Leviathon proved to strong to be taken by force and siege was set. For months the Leviathon stood still, blocking the trade route but the Armada leadership knew they could not pay the ransom or it would lead to stunts like this happening more often, not to mention Roger's becoing powerful enough to absord the other pirate kings and possibly attack the kingdoms themselves. Eventually it was decided a strike team of some of the most powerful indeviduals in the realms would be assembled and try and take down the Leviathon from the inside. In the dark of the new moon the Strike force attacked. No records survive of what happened inside the Leviathon, but 36 hours after the Strike force entered the beast a massive explosion ripped through the very centre. Splitting the massive island into chunks and sending them spiraling into the void. The explosion was so powerful that chunks were sent miles through the air, crashing into islands and the Armada itself. Once the dust had settled all that was left was a blacked floating core where the leviathon once stood.
	
	All attempts to approach the core failed as the Aetheric winds around the core ripped anything that got to close to threads. Even non-aetheric means were blocked as arcane and divine energys destroyed anything mundane as it got close. In the end the trade route had to be rerouted to avoid the Black-heart, as the core came to be known, and a fort was set up on the nearest island to keep watch on the core. The Fort of the 9, as it was offically known, was named after the nine members of the strike force who had given their lives for the mission. However unoffically it was simply known as the Black-watch. Tradition dictates that the Commander of the Fort is known as the Black-thorn and it is a position of great honour as the fort is maned by representatives of all the members of the Armada, and pirate raids against the fort are common as rumor has it that Roger's treasure is kept in the Forts vault. The Illogicalness of keeping the treasure in a vault rather then spliting it amoung the armada has not hindered the spread of the rumor, with the suggestion that the members of the armada could not decide how to split the treasure and to avoid conflict decided to avoid the problem entirly.
	
	The fall of the Leviathon may have stopped rodger, but it did not slow down general piracy at all, although the big ostentatious displays of the like of rogers were basically erradicated.
	
	Discussion still occurs on how and where the Leviathon was built, it a lot bigger then previously thought possible, and all the ship-yards that had the resources to construct such a massive structure swear they didn't build it. The suggestion is that out their is a black-market ship-yard with technology and abilitys far beyond anybody else, or that rogers had used the black arts to create the vessel, and that the Black-heart was the solidified soul of a god.

The glut of piracy in the skys has also resulted in another proffesion. Privateers. Although traditionally privateers have been used in fights of nation against nation the dependance on trade and spread out powerbase of most of the major players has meant that traditional warfare doesn't really happen anymore. But instead privateers are payed to bring in the heads of pirates. Many pirates have a bounty on their heads given to them by the various universitys, goverments or leaders that have a instrest in catching them, and many make a living hunting these bountys. Some groups have formed that organise the pursuit of bountys and trade information internally, but their are just as many independants.