The Realm of Air.

The realm of air is kind of a weird mix of steam-punk and generic fantasy.
Engineers and wizards create awsome magical inventions such as sky galleons, personal flying machines and the like.
High-priests are the direct servents of the gods, and are the functional rulers of the worlds.
	they range from true servents only living to do their gods will in the world to manipulators who only serve for the power it gives them
	their are many gaps between the realms rulled by gods since the islands ranged in size from 100s of km across to boulders the size of a single tower
	barons, mercenary captains, bandits, sky pirates and wizards have all managed to eak out a living independant of the major kingdoms
Trade is a massive feature, with the size of the islands forcing every island to trade with many others to be able to maintain a quality of living
	their shear bulk of trade had contributed the the number of sky pirates in the realm,
		some follow pirate kings and follow a code
		but even more are independant and take whatever they can get.
Their are some universitys that are widely respected and this is where the wizards, enginneers and accountants that faciliate the trade and travel between
islands learn their trade.
	the mose significant University is the Isle of Mag'ladroth, where the origonal aether engines were invented and who are still at the forfront of
	research and development. They are goverened by Mag'ladroth himself along with the Universitys council.
	
The aether engines that ships rely on the make their journeys work by harnessing the currents of magical energy that naturally flow between the islands, 
keeping them aloft. The origonal designed was invented by members of the University of the Isle by studying the mechanisim that allowed islands to float
and in particular why some floated higher then others. 
	However the currents that facilitate flight only exist at certain altitudes, 
		Low enough the very structure of the world starts to come apart as the realm of chaos leaches in. The winds, being less stable and solid then 
		most other things start to fail and come apart long before matter and the more solid physical forces are seen to fray.
		High enough the winds do not pass through any islands and so are not the mild breeze that most sky-sailors are used to but rather form a tempest.
			A side effect of this is that at a broad band of altitubes the wind is relativly predictable when the majority of the islands are but as one
			gets higher and the islands get sparser the winds increase in strength until even the most experiences sailor would be rent from the sky.
			
			The same gradual dampening happens as you get lower, and while large traiding vessels and ships of the line must keep to the safe altitides
			ships that are specially designed for the conditions have a much greater range. 
			Because of the opposing conditions ships designed for low altitide functioning and even more suseptable to the high altitide conditions and
			visa versa.
				While a engine can be retuned to new conditions it is generally a lengthy process and so ships need to be in dock before the change can
				be made
				Its not general knowledge but certain groups have technoledge that allows then to retune their aetheric engines on the fly, mainly used 
				by scout ships of the universitys and some of the richer kingdoms it allows a ship unparalleled mobility, at the cost of being incredibly
				expensive as well as requiring a large amount of knowledge and skill to operate.
			Air ships that do not rely on the aetheric winds, but rather on hot air, do exist. But compared to aetheric ships that are so slow, fragile 
			and small that nothing but research expeditions have made much use of them.
		
