Air Travel-
Air Travel is the primary method for commuting in the realm of air and it has a couple of peculiarity's. Ships gain boyancy due to magical a device that is 
built into the centre of the ship. the device's are mainly magical stone and translate the aetheric currents that flow between the islands into upward lift.
The amount of life generated by the stones is controlled by deadening rods that can be inserted into the stone in various ways, that control the amount of
current that flows into the device, and so the lift. 
	(1)Most ships simple have this core build into the centre of the ship, as it is the cheapest and most stable
		method of construction. 
	(2)Some ships however have a custom shaped core, typically a long thing column that goes through the centre of the ship, but the shape can range 
		massivly depending on the requirments, this gives the pilot or engineer much greater control over the lift of the ship, able to control the rotation
		of the ship as well as the lift, but this is much more expensive, tempremental and requires a much greater skill to use effectivly
	(3)Its worth noting that lift size is related by a complex mathmatical reltionship to the maximum lift it provides, a side effect of this is that sometimes
		a tiny change in size can provide a massive boost in lift, and other times a large increase in size has almost no effect. It is theorized that this is
		a result of the wavelength of the aetheric winds.
This core provides the bouancy of the ship, and the custom ones can even provide some thrust, but in general a sky-ships main locomotive power comes from its 
sails, These are magically treated sheets of fabric that can interact with the otherwise ethearal aetheric winds and generally work like normal sails. aetheric
winds blow stronger then normal winds, and so aetheric sails are both smaller and tougher then normal sales, and generally a lot closer to the hull as well. 
	(1)Sails can have different ratings, which is determinted by how strongly they interact with the aetheric winds, some barely interact and so provide very
		little force while some interact a lot and so provide much greater force.
	(2)It is possible to treat materials other than fabric to interact with the winds, and attempts have been made to treat the general structure of ships, 
		though this has had little sucess as it removes what control the pilots have over speed and direction, usually resulting in a fairly rapid crash,
		that is then carried away in the aetheric breeze
		
Since being blown off a ship flying in the open expanse would result in a fall of days before slowly being ripped apart as the very laws of physics that
bound your body together started failing, the first safety vests actually predated the first ship based flight. Early versions are simply jackets with a tiny
core in a backpack, with deadening rods fully inserted to nullify its effects, then when a cord is pulled the rod is pulled from the core and it provides enough 
lift for a average person to remain neutrally boyant.
	(1)This is still the basic design of safety vests, and while some advances have been made in practiaclity the basic principles they operate on remain the
		same. It quickly became apparent then cores large enough to provide actual life for a person were to large to be practical for a single person to wear.
	(2)However skilled pilots could use wings between their arms and legs made of aetheric cloth to glide and even fly in strong winds, incredibly dangerous in
		close vecinity to a island, or any large mass for that matter, as a single errant gust could dash the pilot against the rocks, but in the open sky, while
		still obscenly difficult to use, were relativly safe.
	(3)Most pilots have at least a basic skill in using Aether-Wings, and while they probably wouldn't want to have to land while wearing them, can at least
		control the general direction they are traveling in.
		
The harnessing of the aetheric winds to provide lift temperarily calms the winds, while for normal vessels this effect is so small as to be irrelevant it
becomes more signigicant with the floating islands themselves. This effect is why the winds that blow in the main altitude bands of the realm of wind are
so conducive to flight, and why when you leave the band flight gets increasingly less predictable. This means that as the winds swirl and flow throughout the
realm ships in-close to islands can buck up and down as the winds change.


	
