Universitys
While kingdoms play a major role in the political setting of the Realm of air, They are not the real centres of power. The three major universitys maintain the 
primary production facilities for the aetheric cores and sails that allow transport through the realms, and they leveraged this  for both politcal and finacial 
wealth. About half of all places of learning in the realm of air owe fealty or are a subsiduary of one of the major universitys. The big three are massive, with
their primary complex's having a population in the 10's, or even 100's of thousands.

	The Isle of Mag'ladroth is the biggest of the big three, it was where the inital discovery of the atheric core was created by the god Mag'ladroth and a few
	of his acolytes. Its primary campus is a honeycomb of hundreds of kilometers of tunnels built into the very rock of its island. It is rulled by Mag'ladroth
	and a council of 9. All of whom are his clerics and so share his power. 
			
			Mag'ladroth is also known as the father of the dwarves, as he looks like a dwarf and claims to have been one of the primogenters of their race.
			Which is probably true given that probably half the dwarven population in the realm work for Mag'ladroth in one capacity or the other.
			
			It is rumoured that the tunnels are not just because of the University's dwarven roots, but that it is actually massive aetheric engine that
			means the university is capable of self-powered directional flight. This is discarded as impossible by almost everyone, but rumours persist.
			
	Loth'Gorn is the smallest of the big three. 
		It was initially founded by the shipwright Jamison, who's entire drydock had survived the breaking intact on a 
		single island. When Mag'ladroth's discovery reach the island ,where he and his appretinces where scrapping by, on the back of the gods. (Certain gods and powerful mortals could fly, and in the early days this was the only reliable way to comunicate between islands) he saw the opportunity for what is was and grasped it in both hands. The god who had delivered the message was Merc'cada, The Trader, and Jamison made a deal with him, in exchange for a equalpart in the buisiness as well as the worship of Jamison and those under him, Merc'cada would purchase all the cores he could carry and return them tothe dock as quickly as possible. 
		
		Once this was done jamison realised that while he had the knowledge and skill to construct ships that could take the 
		strain of being supported in the middle instead of from underneath, he didn't have the magical talent to transform the floating cores he had bought
		into a functional means of propulsion. Merc'cada came to the rescue once again and sought those with magical talent who could transform the cores into
		propulsion. He ended up contacting Hephestus, The Tinker and his followers. While they were almost entirly wiped out, and their extensive 
		labratory systems had ripped apart and destoryed by the breaking, a few were surving in the ruins of their once great domain. They readily agreed to 
		Merc'cadas terms and became a partner in the growing buisness. It took a few years of further research and refinment before they had a completely 
		working prototype, and by this stage word had spread of their plan and others were attempting the same thing, in particular Mag'ladroth. But none had 
		the combination of ship-building experience and godly and scientific knowledge that Jamison and his partners had.
	
		Once they had a prototype Jamison started increasing production, hiring and training apprentices and engineers. Unfortuantly it was only a matter of time
		before others either copyied what Jamison had done, and the three partners realized they needed something extra in order to stay ahead of the competion.
		They started a R&D department, which ,coupled with the fact that skilled workers who had survived the breaking flocked to Loth'Gorn (The Name of the islandthe drydock was on) seeking work, was the grounds of the university known today.
	
		Today the Goverment of the University is roughly the same as it was back then. Jamison's Line, whos worship of Merc'cada had granted them long life, 
		maintain the ship-yards of the University, producing more and better ships then their competition. (Realisticly for general use all the major ship-yards
		are the same, but Loth'Gorn ships maintain their prestige). Merc'cada remains the external face of the university, seeking and recruiting talent as well 
		as working to maintain the the Uni's reputation. The Tinker runs the actual Academic branch of the university teaching and preparing future generations.		
		In the years since its founding the University has opened it doors to anybody who is willing to pay, and teachs the basic's to them, but the secret's
		of the exact technique are kept in house. 
		
		However since as a Entity it is still primarily focused on the development and construction of Sky-ships and Aetheric constructs it remains the smallest
		of the three as only those intrested in those topics seek to learn there. 
		
	Alexandria is the last of the big three
		Its origin was simply that the great Library of Alexandria had survived intact, most likely because of the incredible amount
		of arcane protections that had been inbuded into the structure before the Breaking, although the city surrounding it was destroyed. The library 
		contained more then just arcane knowledge, it also kept records of farming techniques, maps, historys and anything else you could imagine. so
		as the realm started to settle after the breaking those chieftans, gods and kings who managed to stabilize the regions around them came to them seeking
		the knowledge the needed to live in this new world.
	
		Even today Alexandria is known as the centre of knowledge in the realms, and while little new is discovered there, it contains the greatest repositories
		of knowledge known the the realm. It maintains secondary libraries throughout the realm, containing copys of books, as well as being the staging points 
		for expeditions to retrieve and copy new knowledge, but every origonal is still stored in the original library.		
	
The big three are soverign nations in their own right and as such maintain their own armys, navies and trade routes. As a rule most university's favour a smaller
number of highly trained and well equiped forces over the quantity over quality approach of the realms kingdoms, but this doesn't hold true in all cases.

Soldiers who serve the big three are generally seen as very arrogant and self absorbed, at least that is the sterotype.


Toth'Tway
	Is the name of both a university and the god that governs it, as universitys and colledges go it is solidly in the second tier, it doesn't have the star 
	power or the history that the main players do, and certainly doesn't have the same politcal pull, but at least it maintains its independance. It is 
	most well known for its creation of golems, as well as its biology department.
		
		The University is in a strange situation as at any one time almost half of its professors or students are out on expeditions and assignments since
		the biology of the realms changes so rapidly compared to the old earth and certain animals could only exist on only one island out of the hundreds
		of thousands that exist.
		
		The University is also unique in that rather then maintaining a armed force of men and most universitys do, and a varitable army of staff to support
		the functioning of the university it instead employs golems. Toth'Tway guards the knowledge of creating humanoid golems very jealously and while many
		out their can create the hulking behemoths that one imagines, only Toth'Tway can create golems capable thought and the fine motor skills needed to
		maintain the fragile equipment of a university lab. 
			
			Sometimes something goes wrong with the creation of golems, the leading theory is that if a concentration of aetheric winds blows through
			at a critical point in the golems creation, and instead of creating a willing servent with basic thought and ability to follow orders but no
			true sentience, they create a fully setient golem. This only happens maybe one time in 10000, and with only a few hundred golems being created
			each year they are incredibly rare.

	Toth'Tway himself takes the form of a old man, with one mechanical arm that glows and whirs with whatever magical and mechanical componets provide it
	locomotion.
	
The Martial Academey of Marineford
	This university is a strange case as unlike most of the others it doesn't so much rely on its own forces, as the connections it has with many of the major kingdoms and universitys throughout the realm of air. 
	
	Garp and Sengoku were high ranking priests of a minor war god called Kong. Since the immortality gifted to them by Kong disapeared when he died in the breaking, the two of them sort new ways of living forever. Since Kong died in the final climactic years of the Breaking, they could not offer their services to any other gods, who were to busy destroying the world, so they decided to seek imortality by sharing everything they new with a new generation of acolytes.
	
	Before they could really establish themselves, the earth shattered and their encapment (Which at this point was hardly more then some tents with a few walls) was scattered throughout the newly created realm of Air. Garp and Sengoku were split, and each assuming the other was dead sought to persue their plan independantly, taking up positions with warlords, minor gods and kings to train their guards. Neither survived to see the world settle, but they had trained successors and written books.
	
	As Travel became easier and news spread quicker, the successors of the two got wind of one another, and sought each other out. (Traditionally the successor took the name of Garp and sengoku as a way of ensuring their names lived forever, as they had wanted). The Martial prowess of those they had trained was such that they had made a name for themselves, and The current Garp and Sengoku decided to fulfill their masters wishs and form a school that trained Soldiers in the art of war.
	
	It was slow going, but over the generations the preserved knowledge of the origonal masters proved true, and the reputation of the Academy grew, until it was common practice for lords, gods and warlords to send promising cadets or their sons to Marineford to learn, before they took their place leading the fleets and armies of the world.
	
	However since warfare has changed so much since the days of the Original Masters, the Academy is not shy about seeking out knowledge and tactics for the ever changing enviroment they find themselves in, and it is not unusual for retired soldiers to return to the Academy to train the next generation. (It is not said out loud, but even some pirates and warlords retire to teach at the academy, as the academy does not care where you got you knowledge from, as long as you can share it with others, and its connections allow for protection for all but the most infamous of people).
	
	This means that while at any one time their are possibly only a few hundred students, and practically no defenses, Those who would attack it know that doing so would bring the wrath of many of its alumni down on them, as well as those rich, prestigous parents who send their children their.
	
	It also means that the academy has a lot more politcal influence then its size would suggest, although in fairness it must be applied subtly and diplomatically so as to maintain its reputation.
	
	Having been educated in Marineford is such a mark of excellence that even those who fail out can secure high paying rolls in the many mercenary bands or armies in the realm, and those who pass (and are not already connected to one of the many political entities who send their scions their) and quickly snapped up by one of the major kingdoms or universitys.