Insizor lived within a peaceful colony of half elves. their small village was on a rather large air island.
this meant resources were plentiful and life was good. But Insizor can’t remember any of that. He only remembers
the fires and screams as his mother ran him into the forest. placed in a small wicker basket among the reeds he lay
completely silent as a toddler stunned and terrified by the sounds of devastation. 

days passed and a great storm flooded the river and pushed the wicker basket into a bush before gushing over the
edge leaving Insizor on dry land. Insizor began roaming as far as his starving little legs could take him.
half frozen completely terrified he stumbled into a tiny cave. he tripped fell to his knees a heard a feeble attempt
at a growl. as he glanced up towards the sounds, he laid eyes on a bear cub. that was completely white.
the cub and the boy eyed each other off warily before eventually collapsing into a pile and huddling for warmth.
over the coming days the friendship between the boy and the cub grew the investigated the ruins of his once
peaceful village. they managed to scavenge for food and survive together.

years past this way the bear and the boy became masters of survival and came to trust each other completely.
As very young children dwelling in the ruins of their village Insizor often dwelled on thoughts of revenge and
constantly studied the graffitied ruins of what he believed to be his home. he couldn’t yet read but now he
understands the markings roughly translated to "TEMPEST".  Whilst staring at these vivid markings Bear got his attention with a quick bump.
She was sniffing the air and seemed alert. Insizor rose to his feet to be greeted by a friendly yet unsettling “don’t worry child I am a friend”.
A homely old lady approached him and bear and quickly offered them food and built the first fire they could remember.
The old lady quickly set about rebuilding one of the burnt-out cottages they boy and bear had sheltered in.
she sent the unlikely pair to gather fresh water and when they returned a cottage was completely built. 

Things turned sour quickly the once friendly old lady became more and more violent and domineering. Bear and boy couldn’t sleep at
night due to strange noises and lights. She had fitted bear with a collar with a strange green gem imbedded at the centre and wore a bracelet that matched.
After she fitted the collar bear became unpredictable and panicked. Insizor tried to inquire if it was the collar that was the issue but not having grown up
around humans his attempt sounded more like Cola. But the bear would not be calmed. It begun slamming itself into the cottage door trying escape
it was now the size of a teenage male and was shaking the whole house. The old lady quickly picked up a staff and swung at the bear.
Insizor launched himself onto a near by countertop. Grabbed a kitchen knife and drove it towards the old hag.
It pierced straight through her neck and she screeched and shrivelled.

Bear calmed and picked up the bracelet left smoking on the ground in its mouth and brought it to Insizor.
Hesitantly he put on the bracelet and instantly heard “finally”. He jumped shocked looking for the source of the sounds only to see bears big eyes
staring up at him. “it’s me said the voice”. The boy was overjoyed at being able to talk with his best friend telepathically.
After much conversation the boy asked what is your name? the bear responded “I don’t know”.
The boy unsatisfied asked well what is your favorited thing in this room. The bear pawed at her collar and thought “Cola, because of this I can talk to you”.
This pleased the boy, but it was short lived as the bear asked him what his name was. He couldn’t quite remember his own name.
“Well what is your favourite thing” asked bear he pointed at the bear but realised his finger was pointed right at her biggest tooth.
Cola said “that tooth is called Incisor, that Witch was going to use it to create a hex.
The boys weak grasp on language displayed itself again as he repeated “Insizor, It has a nice ring to it”. 

Insizor and Cola grew together throughout their teenage years on that island. Surviving together.
They discovered that by removing the collar Cola possessed the ability to change into half elf and that she was a druid. 

One day a merchant ship happened to dock to take shelter from a storm while Insizor and Cola where extremely suspicious the merchants managed
to gain some semblance of trust during the weeklong storm that wreaked havoc around the island. And when they left for port so did Insizor and Cola.
The pair were inseparable, and they decided it was safer to travel with Cola in bear form. Her being a druid was their own little secret
and she was extremely shy. So avoiding conversation was easiest as a bear.

Once docked on a major island the pair set up a small camp in a small woodland area. And Insizor frequently ventured into town. He quickly became a master
thief and his language skills improved tenfold. He became as charismatic as the best of them and could easily convince people to do his bidding.
Some believed he had supernatural senses. But unbeknownst to them it was Cola constantly looking after him. Telepathically communicating and utilising
her newfound birds eye view. Cola in eagle form and Insizor became a deadly duo. As they grew in confidence they began to seek out adventure. 
