Kaiwhaka - The Dragonborn Paladin from a Mountain Cult

ORGANIZATIONS
Serves the Temple of  Eldingar, The Deity of Lightning. This is a small temple commune in the mountains. The temple is basically a cult, with no communication with the outside world. As the temple has been isolated for so long, they worship a deity that is not known to the rest of the world. It is likely that Eldingar (their deity) is actually one of the well-known gods of the universe, or was simply a mortal with a powerful magic weapon, and the isolation of the temple has led to a distortion of their history over many years, leading to them worshipping a god which doesn't actually reflect the deity that once existed.

The Temple of Eldingar believes that Eldingar, the Deity of Lightning, was a strong and manifestly fair being that roamed the material plain as a mortal many ages ago. He would maintain fairness and balance through the power of his electric scythe, cutting down corrupted forces that opposed the natural order of the world. 

Some time long ago, the temple says Eldingar was struck down by unnatural and twisted forces of chaos. This caused his weapon to be smashed into 4 fragments, which were cast around the realm to be one day united by followers of the church, so that Eldingar can return and restore balance to the universe. The temple trains several paladin warriors each generation to be sent out into the world and fulfill this task on their 15th birthday. They are trained from a young age in the history of their temple and the moral standard they must uphold. They are also taught the art of combat, conditioned to channel Eldingar into their movements in order to best their foes. Many paladins have left the temple, but few have ever returned.

Who the heretical forces that bested Eldingar actually were is never discussed by the temple. This is considered forbidden. Instead, the temple and its warriors function on the belief that everything "unnatural" is evil and must be destroyed. This pits the beliefs of the temple against not only against beings of chaos, but also against technological advancement which they  consider unnatural. Because of this, the temple has stayed away from all flight technology and has stayed in their mountain commune almost exclusively. They almost never interact with the outside world. Paladins undertaking Eldingar's holy quest will deal with flight technology between the floating islands only when absolutely necessary, and they do so with obvious (and often very loud) displeasure. 

The temple hates all things which are opposed to lightning, and are suspicious of anything underground as well as dwarves for their love of the earth and the minerals within it. They have a strong fear of rubber.

The temple's sense of morals and law is inherently subjective, based completely on what a person sees as "natural". This is a fact which they do not seem to realise at all. Instead, they will stubbornly believe their system of values, based largely on intuition, is always right. 

ALLIES
All members of the Eldinger Faith as allies, though there aren't many. Due to the secluded upbringing, he will have an affinity with other electric and storm related religions, creatures and weather. 

Though Eldingar temple members believe they should uphold the natural order, they do not view all nature lovers as allies. This is because the temple believes that natural death is acceptable, and they are willing to kill beings of nature if they see fit. So for example, a lightning strike can kill an animal, or light a whole forest on fire and that will be seen as part of the natural order. But  using arcana to create the fire is not natural. 

ENEMIES
Has a strong dislike for other elements, particularly earth based religions. Because of this, Dwarves are a race that he loathes.

BACKSTORY
Kaiwhaka is a proud Dragonborn Paladin serving the Temple of Eldingar, the deity of lightning. 

Kaiwhaka was found by a priest of the temple as a baby, left on the summit of the mountain in which their commune exists. When the monk presented Kaiwhaka to the temple leadership, they demanded for him to be cast out into the cold winds or destroyed. This is because the temple of Eldingar is very suspicious of outside influences, and has kept very secluded for many years. However, while in front of the temple leaders Kaiwhaka coughed and a small spark of lightning energy left his Dragonborn mouth. Instantly the temple leaders changed their minds, as they saw Kaiwhaka as a servant sent from Eldingar himself. 

Since then, Kaiwhaka has been raised as an acolyte paladin of the temple. He has been taught from a young age that it is his duty to serve Eldingar by venturing into the wider world, smiting the enemies of Eldingar and retrieving the 4 shards of his ancient scythe named "Zakaar". Only then can the deity be restored to his rightful place in the material world. 

Kaiwhaka has just turned 15, the age where temple members are recognised as adults. He has taken his final oaths and ceremonies to Eldingar, and has set out from the mountain on his quest to bring honour to his temple, vanquish his religions foes and restore his deity to power. 

Kaiwhaka has lived a secluded life, and only knows a limited amount about other peoples and cultures. He will struggle to interact with non-temple members and will be forceful in his upholding of the temple values. 