The Truth behind Eldingar
The truth of Eldingar is that they were Asmodeus, one of the 4 Horsemen of the Apocalyspse before the breaking, and fought with his master in the final battle at the brimstone keep before it was raised to the ground and Apocalyspse killed. All the horsemen were killed in the final conflict, but since in such desperate times weapons of such power as those of the horsmen's could not be lightly abandonded, they continued to live. The fighting was so fierce that none who wielded the horsemens weapons has time to truly come into their power or memories, so the 4 weapons were spread across earth.

 When the earth broke, the current wielder of the scythe was a young man called Eldingar. Over the early years of the realm of Air, Eldingar came into his powers, and was driven to enforce his concept of justice, he saved the lives of many, fighting to protect them from agressors seaking wealth or land, but he also slaughtered many for percieved slights and infractions.
 
He took to leading a small group of paladins, who through him shared a portion of Apocalyspse's power. Over the years of traveling the realm and enforcing his increasinly skewed view of "justice" word got out of his actions. One day, when Eldingar was preaching to his followers about the growing chaos in the world, Dante arrived, riding his steed out of a portal into the middle of the gathering. He tried to talk his brother down from the increasinly genocidal philosiphy, but it ended in combat. Dante was the stronger brother and despite the assistance given by his followers, beat Asmodeus and smashed his scythe with his blade. Knowing that if it was left whole, somebody else would take up the weapon and finish his work. 

Turning to the surviving followers of his once brother, he could not bring himself to kill them, as they had done nothing wrong but be swept up in Asmodeus's fervour, but they were also to dangerous to be left alone, so he exiled them to a isolated island in the high altitudes of the realm, and thought no more of it.

Over the thousands of years since the events, the exiled followers beliefs and experiences morphed into the cannon that is now believed and followed by the Temple of Eldingar, and the truth has been lost to all.