4 Pieces

Shaft
Staff of Thunder and Lightning
Requires Attunement

This staff can be wielded as a magic Quarterstaff that grants a +2 bonus to Attack and Damage Rolls made with it. It also has the following additional properties. When one of these properties is used, it can't be used again until the next dawn.

Lightning: When you hit with a melee Attack using the staff, you can cause the target to take an extra 2d6 lightning damage.

Thunder: When you hit with a melee Attack using the staff, you can cause the staff to emit a crack of thunder, audible out to 300 feet. The target you hit must succeed on a DC 17 Constitution saving throw or become Stunned until the end of your next turn.

Lightning Strike.

You can use an action to cause a bolt of lightning to leap from the staff's tip in a line that is 5 feet wide and 120 feet long. Each creature in that line must make a DC 17 Dexterity saving throw, taking 9d6 lightning damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.

Thunderclap: You can use an action to cause the staff to issue a deafening Thunderclap, audible out to 600 feet. Each creature within 60 feet of you (not including you) must make a DC 17 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 2d6 thunder damage and becomes Deafened for 1 minute. On a successful save, a creature takes half damage and isn't Deafened.

Thunder and Lightning: You can use an action to use the Lightning Strike and Thunderclap properties at the same time. Doing so doesn't expend the daily use of those properties, only the use of this one.

3 parts of the head (As you collect more pieces, it upgrades it effects) (DC 5/9/11 Charisma save every week/when failed a death save) (1's auto fail) to not sink more into the Asmodeous Personality
Amulet of Storms (5e Equipment)
Wondrous Item (Amulet), artifact (Attunement by any alignment)
(1)Charged Blade.
	Melee attacks deal lightning damage rather then whatever damage type they would otherwise.
	
	2 Charges (Refreshes at dawn, double remaining charges if you are in a storm)
		1 Charge  Shock(Add 1d6 lightning or thunder damage to your attack)
		
		4 Charges
			cast Call lightning
(2)Charged Armour
	Your armour sparks with the power of Eldinger (+1 AC)
	
	As a reaction (Once per day, refreshes in the Eye of a storm), when you are hit by melee attack, you can channel the energy in the armour back 
	into the attack, dealing the attacks damage in lightning damage to the attacker
	+1 Charges, (Shock deals 2d6)
(3)Eye of the Storm. When worn, attacks with melee weapons apply damage dealt to all enemies within 10ft of the attacker as lightning damage. Creatures must make a Dexterity save of DC 8 + Your Proficiency + Your Attack Modifier. On success, they take half damage.

	+1 Charges
