Peoples relationships with gods in the setting can be broadly split up into to categories, the personal and the divine.

Many people have a personal relationship with the gods, this doesn't mean that they are friends, or even see them often, but it means they treat them as a person rather then as a divine, they ask them for things, trade for things or serve them in a physical way. This is often the relationship the personally weaker gods have with their subjects, or the more grounded gods seek. Most of the politically powerful gods also fall into this category, as it is weird to pray to somebody that you are trying to get a good trade deal from

The other option is the divine, this is much closer to what people traditionally think of as a relationship with a god, they pray, request guidence, give offerings or gifts to seek favour. This is often the relationship of gods who are seen as wimsical, powerful or have a area of influence that plays a large part in day to day life. Also prehaps counter intuitivly, the more political and grounded a god is the less likely they are to fall into this category

For example few pray to Magladroth, as inside his university they interact with him directly, and outside of the university he is seen as the head of the University first, and a god second. Where as many pray to Posideon, as many deal with his realm of control on a day to day basis, and few deal with him persoanlly so it is easier to imagine him as a abstract force rather then a true person.

The actual power gods have is hard to define. Gods definetly have the power to reshape reality in their immediate vecinity, but if they have the ability to grant luck or success to those who don't actually channel their power has always been uncertain. Traditionally people consider that a god who pays close attention to his day to day life, making decisions and concentrating on worldly things has not the concentration to give for the diffuse awarness needed for the abstract gifts gods can give and visa versa. A mind set that definetly contributes to the gods falling into one of the two categories.

Another point worth considering is that a gods power is intrinsic to them, they had a certain amount on innate power when they were born, and their is practically nothing they can do to increase this. Attempts have been made to consume the power of another god, but even in the few times it worked, the absorbing god found his personality and gifts changing, becoming a combination of his own, and those of the god he had consumed. And even this was a rare case, the more common situation was the powers were to different and they clashing powers destroyed the god who tried to absord them. But a side affect of this is that gods do not need worship, in fact as they have to give a portion of their power to let the servents channel it, those with many servents and believers are, on average, persoanlly weaker then independant gods. Although after the breaking this has become less relevent as any attempt of a god to unleash any meaningful part of their power will result in the destruction of reality in their proximity.

God's also have no intrinsic brother hood with one another. Many feel themselves superior to mortals and so seek friends with those they at least see as their equals. But historically gods have caused more death and destruction to each other then mortals every have.