Apocalypse, Lord of the Horsemen, Head of the Charred Council, 
	The world before the breaking was divided into many kingdoms and tribes, each with their own rules, systems of law and even morals. Many kingdoms had open borders, and it was not uncommon for criminals and wanted men to flee between kingdoms, where the pursueers had no right to follow them. Or fled to more lawless realms where their was nobody to hunt them.
	
	While gods like Dalinar offered advice and judgment when people asked for them, Apocalypse and his horsemen offered only judgment, asking no payment, and brooking no refusal. Apocalypse himself rarely traveled, staying in the Brimstone keep and holding council.
	
	If anybody felt they had been wronged, and could not themselves pursue their trespasser, they could travel to the Keep and petition Apocalypse and his council for their aid. If the council agreed aid was deserved, one or more of his horsemen were sent out to hunt the trespasser and would not rest until they were captured or dead.
	
	Who the horsemen were was a closely kept secret, they stayed in the keep unless on the hunt, and those that saw them in action say they were not gods, but neither could mortals match their power. (Truth be told the Horsemen used to be mortals, but each wielded a weapon than granted them the memories and power of those who had died wielding it, and with each passing generation of horsemen they became more and more powerful.
	
	Apocalypse and his 4 horsemen are believed to have been killed in the breaking.
	
	The 4 horsemen where as followed
	
	Asmodeus, Wielded the Scythe of the Endless Storm.
		He was the most zealous of the 4, beliving that those who defied the "Natural" order of things deserved nothing but death, and was only sent out on hunts where indiscrimant slaughter, and a total lack of diplomacy, would not be issues
	
	Dante, Wielded the Penitent Blade
		Was the most balanced and fair of the 4, often stoic to the point of insult, he only killed those who it could be proved deserved it. It is rumoured that his blade would only cut those who were guilty.
	
	Azrael, Wielded the Bow of the Pestilent Wind
		A dark and cynical person, believing that nobody is truly innocent, and that even the most selfless people are in it for themselves deep down. 
	
	Sammael, Wearer of the Amulet of the Ravenous Swarm
		On the surface Sammael is a charming, charismatic person, able to walk into a room and make everybody like here. Is typically the horseman chosen when the prey is hiding in a city or other cosmoplitan area. Under the surface, however, They are a cruel and vindictive one, remembering hurts and insults over many years, and always seeking revenge eventually.