The Traveller. Goddess of Wanderers (Typically seen as meaning mercenaries)
	The Traveller is one of the gods who survived the breaking. Most of the war gods were killed in the breaking as they could not resist the honour that fighting other gods offered, and were often the target for the other militaristic gods due to the fact they offered are far larger threat that other gods, both due to skill at warfare, personal power and a willingness to engage where others would not.

	The Traveller survived, but not did not escape unhurt. The ravages of the Breaking, both the war and the destruction of the world that it caused, took a toll on her. And her physical form was broken, arms crushed by Oryx (A Rival war god who did not survive) and body shattered by the same forces that sundered the world. In the current day she is a minor figure in the politics of the world, a war god who can't fight has very few uses. She has gifted her powers to one of the Iron lord in a attempt to regain relevance, and while Saladin is feared and known across the realm, few know that she is behind him.

	The Traveller lives in her broken fortress-monastary from before the breaking, although its marble walls and defenses were destroyed long ago, and its extremities cast of into the void, the central keep still clings to a chunk of rock. And despite her greatest servant rarelly visiting his mistress, she still is not defensless with her Guardians still garrisoning the keep, and even a broken war god has tricks up her sleeve.

	Currently takes the form of a mummified woman, sitting in a throne made of pure white marble.

Toth'tway, God of Golems
	A reletivly weak god in regards to raw power, but made up for it with preperation, has control over minor spacial magics and the ability to create life, or even sentience, out of mechanical beings. As with all gods has control over his size, although generally appears human out of practicality. His weapon of choice is a sentient spear he crafted himself. It activly tracks its target in the air and when it hits releases a swarm of tiny golems into the bloodstream of the target, shreading them from the inside.

	Has a fondness for knowledge, although is predisposed to prefering practical discoverys and experimentation over book learning, often in his free time you will see him tinkering with a weapon, device or armour to try and get it to work a little better.

	Had a Rival in Ba'al. The god of serpents as Ba'al found Toth'tways insistent need to invent and create as un-natural and Toth'tways found Ba'als inability to understand the consequences of his actions and his mistreatment of his followers as an insult. In the breaking the two fought many times, Ba'al ripped half Toth'tways body off but Toth'tway eventually managed to kill Ba'al and replaced his missing body with clockwork parts.

Scylla, Lady of Storms.
	Scylla has always been a goddess of great passions, and rarely one of patience. This lead to her being a outcast before the breaking, with very few of her brothers and sisters having the patience to deal with her. Only a few brave or foolhardy people sought her out although many offered lip service in a futile attempt to persade the goddess to direct her storms towards others.

	Her antagonism and lack of allies made her a early victim in the Breaking, as many of those she had insulted, spurned and hurt sought her ruin. In the first few years of the war her temples were torn down and her followers killed.  

	Besiged in her final temple, with the forces of 6 gods arrayed against her Scylla tried to summon the storms to blow them all away, and although scylla was one of the most powerful gods, even she could not overpower the 6 arrayed before her. She was cast down from the walls by the combined might of the rival gods, and something in her broke, never before had she been beaten, let alone in front of her followers and an army of tens of thousands. The siege of "The Straights" lastest months, and Scylla became more and more deranged. As more of her servents were killed her and she lost control of herself those remaining servants became more and more powerful as they channeled a greater portion of her power.

	Eventually the walls were breached, and a final confontation went down in the courtyard, the 6 gods against Scylla in all her maddness. The powers release caused the entire temple to be pulled into the void, taking the combined forces of all those present with it. However Scylla was to powerful for the void to kill immedietly, and in the few seconds, as the very stuff of chaos began disolving her form, she cried out and teleported back into the world. However the void was not for immortal eyes, and what she had seen in those few seconds was enough to break the few remaining connections she had to sanity.

	As she lay in a lake, her form returned to its original form, no longer controlled by her will. A Hydra. the destruction of her temple and the release of the void had killed all her remaining servents except one, a altar boy who had been captured by the opposition forces. With Scylla mindless and him the only remaining servant he suddenly had the full powers of a goddess flowing through him, and his captor's gods had just all died. Things went exactly how you would expect. The Altar boy (Or Tempest as he came to be known), left a trail of destruction as he sought out his goddess, and once he found he spent the rest of the breaking protecting her from those who would wish her harm.
	
	Ironically this left her in a better position then most of her rivals come the breaking, as Tempest, as a mortal with the powers of a god, could use them without ripping the world to shreds and used them to protect Scylla's lake and direct it somewhere safe in the realm of Air.

Mag'ladroth (The Dragon). God of Discovery, Hoarding
	If a god could be said to have won the breaking it was Mag'ladroth. The wealth he gained from selling his discoverys to all sides in the conflicts, coupled with the fact that his citadel was well protected by means magical, divine and mundane, meant that he actually gained power and relevence. Not to mention the fact that his discovery and creation of the Aetheric Airships made him the single most powerful god politically in the world today.
	
	He takes the form of a dwarf, with crimson read hair,and like most gods can change his size to suit his enviroment but is typically dwarven in height. 	
	His true form is that of a great Gold dragon.
	
	it is rumoured that he is the father of the dwarven race, and it is certainly true that even the dwarves that do not serve his university, rever him all the same.
	
	Personality wise he is very possesive, never willing to share what he considers rightfully his, and taking every opportunity to take what others consider theirs, but he does have his own code of honour. He may swindle, misrepresent and pressure. But he will never lie, and once he has made a deal he will stick to it to his dying breath. Although some consider his willingness to deal with anybody regardless of their moral standing as a issue.
	
	He has a fondess for riddles, puzzles and the like. And often treats those who can present him with unsolved puzzles with great favour. He only has 9 clerics, all of who serve as the council of his university.
	
	Has never been one for physical confrontation and relies on his unassailable citadel, and his followers, for protection.
	
Merc'cada. God of Aquisition, Merchants and Trade
	Many of the gods who survived the breaking were not those who had a great deal of personal power, or even those who had strong fortresses and allies, but rather it was those who had no enemies who sought their destruction. None of the gods exemplify this more then Merc'cada.
	
	Before the breaking Merc'cada and his Caravans circled the world, buying and selling goods and services, information and stories. Wherever he went he left the place better off for his visit. This practice lead to him having friends all over the world, and even those with whom he competed could generally not bring themselves to hate him as he was generous with his wealth.
	
	Merc'cada Takes the form of a golden being with great white wings, and is known to be a incredibly charismatic figure. It is said that he could convice a square to roll if he had enough time.
	
	After the breaking Merc'cada spent years continuing his endevours, stopped islands and kingdoms from becoming completly insular and trading items to the islands that needed them. He realized quickly that despite the best effort of himeself and those like him, it was not enough. And so when the opportunity came to spread the gift of flight to all in the form of airships came, he grasped it with both hands.
	
	In the current day Merc'cada spends his days in much the same way, comanding a small fleet of ships that travel between all kingdoms and university's spreading the word of Loth'gorn and making a profit along the way.
	
	Many merchants and traiders offer lip service to Merc'cada, and often a prayer is said to him when deals are being made to ensure equity for all involved, but direct service is restricted to those of the Jamison family as the contract he signed specified.
	
	Is close allies with Hephestus, having both been working out of the Loth'gorn university for centuries and has a few friendly rivalrys with the other merchant gods.

Hephestus. God of Tinkerers, Engineering, Crafting
	Before the breaking has a huge sprawling system of labs that were defended by beasts made out of bronze. His Golems are weaker then Toth'Tways, and he does not have the ability to create true sentience, but he is better in almost all other aspects of Creation, and has a far greater genius in taking a concept and refining it to perfection.
	
	Currently resides on Loth'Gorn, where he runs the research arm of the university.
	
	Close allies with Merc'cada and the Jamison Clan
	
	Takes the form of a tall man with bronze skin and the "fires of creation" burning in his eyes. In combat wields 2 hammers that are alight with the same fire that burns within his eyes
	
The Librarian. Goddess of Knowledge
	The Lady of Alexandria, Is said to have at her fingers all the knowledge ever discovered, some even say that she has memorised all the books in her library.
	
	The Lady as no name, and as far as anybody knows no political aspirations, she mearly seeks to record and preserve all knowledge. Even before the breaking she willingly took in all those who had a thirst for knowledge, and with Alexandria being almost unscathed by the breaking, many more flocked to her out of the security the library offers. The cost of admission to the university is steep, as although the lady believes that knowledge should be for all, she also knows the danger that knowledge untemptered by wisdom can bring, So all those who would seek to enter the library must swear themselves to serve for 100 years, during which time they will be granted the powers of the lady, and after those 100 years they may leave, taking with them any knowledge they have gained.
	
	The lady also ackowledges that not all knowledge is dangerous, and for common knowledge and safe knowledge she lowers the cost of admission to something she knows the applicant can afford.
	
	As "Graduates" from Alexandria leave and go throughout the world they bring with them more then just the knowledge they gained, they also take with them a respect and contiue to bring new discoverys back to the university as thanks. In fact many decide that after the 100 years they would like to stay on and continue serving the Library directly.
	
	The Lady herself is soft-spoken, often said to be ernest to the point of discomfort as she has little time for small-talk.
	
	In form she is a young woman with glasses, beautiful from a distance, but when one gets closer her skin looks like it is made of vellum, with tiny writing covering her skin. She often dresses in robes made of parchment, with shifting text appearing all over them

Ba'al. The Serpent God
	Ba'al is a god of cunning, often those who found themselves friendless and alone due to their own actions turned to him as a way out, and the ranks of his followers were filled with those who had exhusted all other options. This meant that although their numbers were small, they were zealous. and Ba'al had no quarms about exploiting his followers. He was born at the same time as Toth'Tway, and the immedietly struck up a intence hatred for each other. Ba'als charismatic but essentially shallow wants were the polar opposite of what Toth'Tway was, and both sought each others destruction from a very early age.
	
	Ba'al demands complete obediance from his followers, and grants power rarely, although over the aeons his more ardent followers began to grow more like him in apperence, growing more snake like as their hatred for others and obession with Ba'al grew.
	
	Ba'al was never a very strong god, and as such neither he nor Toth'tway could destroy the other, and when the breaking happened Toth'tways nature served him well, Ba'al had accrewed many enemies in his time, and many sought to destroy him. After a few skirmishes that resulted in most of his forces being destroyed. Ba'al threw caution to the wind and attacks Toth'tways halls directly. But after a fiece battle was slain.
	
	But Ba'al had planned for this opportunity, and had given his followers shards of a phylactary, that if fed enough power of the right kinds, could return the god to physical form

Tzeentch, God of Plans, Plots and Schemes
	Delights in the creation and execution of plans, but not so much in the completion. Lives in a constant Cycle of betrayal, plotting, executing and repeat.
	Takes the form of a two headed bird.
	
	Died in the Breaking

Angron, God of bloodshed
	Quite simply the single most powerful god who ever walked on the earth, he took the form of a huge, winged demon, and whever he walked he drove mortals to murder and war. Even before the breaking the shear power that was confined in his form caused reality near him to warp, with the rules of physics becoming loose in his vecinity.
	
	This power came at a cost however, and Angron was completly insane. he simply roamed the earth, causing and deliting in a trail of destruction left behind him. His death, along with the death of Aza'gorod (The Architect) and Tsara'noga (The Source), is considered the start of the breaking. 
	
	Many gods, under the suggestion of Mephet'ran, decided that Angron could not be allowed to roam free, that the destruction he had caused had finally become to much. A coalition of many of the stronger gods, at least those who believed in honour, grouped together to attempt to take Angron down.
	
	17 Gods marched to destroy Angron, and they met in battle at the valley of Gilmasn. Nobody knows what happened in that valley, but after 4 days of battle 1 god, Dalinar, crawled his way back out. Leaving behind a gaping hole in reality, and 17 of his fellow gods.
	
	However the power of Angron had not been entirly destoyed, and as his power escaped his destroyed form, shards of it infected mortals and some immortals who had survived comming close to the diety. Over the hundreds of years of war many of these died, and the remaining power became more concentrated in those that remained. After the breaking 9 survived, 3 in the realm of earth and 4 in the realm of Air and 2 in the realm of Fire. These beings became the Devils, loving death and destruction, and causing it whever they could. However in the same manor as gods they could not use their power without summoning the void, and so rely on giving it to mortals to seek their aims.

Dalinar. God of Honour, Justice
	Dalinar takes the form of a large, aged soldier, in slate-grey armour and wielding a blade as long as he is tall. Was born very early on in the lifetime of the world. Before the breaking had a group of mortal follwers who offered their services as medicant judges, going to towns and citys without the firm rule of law and offering judgment and advice to those that needed it. 
	
	Anybody could apply to be a judge, but if a judge ever deliberetly lied, mislead those listening, or betrayed his or Dalinars honour, he would be consumed by righteous flame.
	
	Dalinar was hurt during the breaking, but not permently, but it took centuries for him to recover. With all his followers dead, and new rules and systems governing the world he found himself in. Dalinar is uncertain of what exactly honour and justice look like in this new world. 
	
	He also absorbed a portion of Angrons power, and the constant internal struggle he has with himself to avoid falling into temptation and becoming a Devil is a strain on even one such as he. As such he is slow to cast judgment and advice, and mainly keeps to himself in the far altitudes trying to find his place in this new world.
	
	Personally he was a incredibly powerful god, gifted in warfare, oration and with a seeminly innate ability to get others to follow him. Was the only god who managed to survive the battle with Angron, God of Bloodshed. Although it was that battle that caused his wounds.
	
Apocalypse, Lord of the Horsemen, Head of the Charred Council, 
	The world before the breaking was divided into many kingdoms and tribes, each with their own rules, systems of law and even morals. Many kingdoms had open borders, and it was not uncommon for criminals and wanted men to flee between kingdoms, where the pursueers had no right to follow them. Or fled to more lawless realms where their was nobody to hunt them.
	
	While gods like Dalinar offered advice and judgment when people asked for them, Apocalypse and his horsemen offered only judgment, asking no payment, and brooking no refusal. Apocalypse himself rarely traveled, staying in the Brimstone keep and holding council.
	
	If anybody felt they had been wronged, and could not themselves pursue their trespasser, they could travel to the Keep and petition Apocalypse and his council for their aid. If the council agreed aid was deserved, one or more of his horsemen were sent out to hunt the trespasser and would not rest until they were captured or dead.
	
	Who the horsemen were was a closely kept secret, they stayed in the keep unless on the hunt, and those that saw them in action say they were not gods, but neither could mortals match their power. (Truth be told the Horsemen used to be mortals, but each wielded a weapon than granted them the memories and power of those who had died wielding it, and with each passing generation of horsemen they became more and more powerful.
	
	Apocalypse and his 4 horsemen are believed to have been killed in the breaking.
	
	The 4 horsemen where as followed
	
	Asmodeus, Wielded the Scythe of the Endless Storm.
		He was the most zealous of the 4, beliving that those who defied the "Natural" order of things deserved nothing but death, and was only sent out on hunts where indiscrimant slaughter, and a total lack of diplomacy, would not be issues
	
	Dante, Wielded the Penitent Blade
		Was the most balanced and fair of the 4, often stoic to the point of insult, he only killed those who it could be proved deserved it. It is rumoured that his blade would only cut those who were guilty.
	
	Azrael, Wielded the Bow of the Pestilent Wind
		A dark and cynical person, believing that nobody is truly innocent, and that even the most selfless people are in it for themselves deep down. 
	
	Sammael, Wearer of the Amulet of the Ravenous Swarm
		On the surface Sammael is a charming, charismatic person, able to walk into a room and make everybody like here. Is typically the horseman chosen when the prey is hiding in a city or other cosmoplitan area. Under the surface, however, They are a cruel and vindictive one, remembering hurts and insults over many years, and always seeking revenge eventually.
	
		
	
[God of Magic]

[God of War (Soldiers)]

[God of Kings]

[God of Harvest]

[God of the Skys]

[God of Death (Positive)]

[God of Death (Negative)]

[God of Vengence]

[God of the Sea (Sailors)]



[Cal's God]