Scylla, Lady of Storms.
Scylla has always been a goddess of great passions, and rarely one of patience. This lead to her being a outcast before the breaking, with very few of her brothers and sisters having the patience to deal with her. Only a few brave or foolhardy people sought her out although many offered lip service in a futile attempt to persade the goddess to direct her storms towards others.

Her antagonism and lack of allies made her a early victim in the Breaking, as many of those she had insulted, spurned and hurt sought her ruin. In the first few years of the war her temples were torn down and her followers killed.  

Besiged in her final temple, with the forces of 6 gods arrayed against her Scylla tried to summon the storms to blow them all away, and although scylla was one of the most powerful gods, even she could not overpower the 6 arrayed before her. She was cast down from the walls by the combined might of the rival gods, and something in her broke, never before had she been beaten, let alone in front of her followers and an army of tens of thousands. The siege of "The Straights" lastest months, and Scylla became more and more deranged. As more of her servents were killed her and she lost control of herself those remaining servants became more and more powerful as they channeled a greater portion of her power.

Eventually the walls were breached, and a final confontation went down in the courtyard, the 6 gods against Scylla in all her maddness. The powers release caused the entire temple to be pulled into the void, taking the combined forces of all those present with it. However Scylla was to powerful for the void to kill immedietly, and in the few seconds, as the very stuff of chaos began disolving her form, she cried out and teleported back into the world. However the void was not for immortal eyes, and what she had seen in those few seconds was enough to break the few remaining connections she had to sanity.

As she lay in a lake, her form returned to its original form, no longer controlled by her will. A Hydra. the destruction of her temple and the release of the void had killed all her remaining servents except one, a altar boy who had been captured by the opposition forces. With Scylla mindless and him the only remaining servant he suddenly had the full powers of a goddess flowing through him, and his captor's gods had just all died. Things went exactly how you would expect. The Altar boy (Or Tempest as he came to be known), left a trail of destruction as he sought out his goddess, and once he found he spent the rest of the breaking protecting her from those who would wish her harm. 

Ironically this left her in a better position then most of her rivals come the breaking, as Tempest, as a mortal with the powers of a god, could use them without ripping the world to shreds and used them to protect Scylla's lake and direct it somewhere safe in the realm of Air.